Adventure, by Charlie Minges

1: Introduction
2: Interacting with world
3: Goals
4: Text file format


1: Introduction

Welcome to Adventure. In the coming hours, you will embark on a mysterious journey to escape the mysterious
landscape that you have inexplicably woken up in. The best tool you have with you is the power of exploration.
In order to ultimately escape, you will have to explore your surroundings, encountering a variety of items along
the way. 

2: Interacting with the world

NOTE: Commands are NOT case sensitive.

LOOK
There are many ways you can interact with the world around you. One of the first things you may want to do is 
get a better idea of what is around you. To do this, you can use the look command. This will return a description
of the room you are in, as well as the possible directions you can move, and any items in the room at the time.
To execute this command, simply type "look" into the console when given the opportunity.

LOOK @ OBJECT
You can also look at objects, along with rooms. To look at an object, type "look" followed by the name of the 
object you want to look at. It is IMPORTANT TO NOTE that you can only look at objects in your inventory. When 
this command is executed, you will be given the name of the object, as well as a short description for it. 

MOVE
The next thing you will have to do to escape is move. Moving is quite simple. You must be aware that you are 
allowed to move in the direction you desire from the room you are currently in. This information can be found 
by looking at the room (SEE LOOK). To move, you either type "move" or "go" into the command line, followed by
the desired direction (in terms of north, south, east, west). You can also just type in the direction you wish 
to go. If you have moved successfully, a description of the new room you are in will be printed out to the 
console.

TAKE
Items are an important aspect of Adventure. One way you can interact with them is by taking them. If you are in 
a room that has an item, you can enter "take", or "get", followed by the item name, to add that item to your
inventory. This will subsequently remove the object from the rooms inventory.

DROP
Along with taking items, you can also drop them. To drop an item from your inventory, simply type in the command
"drop", followed by the name of the item you wish to drop. This will add the item to the rooms inventory, and remove
it from your own.

OTHER
The last two commands available to you, the player, are "inventory" and "score". Inventory will return the names 
of all the items in your inventory, or tell you if it is empty. Score will return a number representing the score
you have accumulated while playing. They are both accessed by typing in either "inventory" or "score", depending 
on which you want.

3: Goals and Scoring

There are a variety of goals that the player should reach throughout the game before being able to escape. A goal 
will consist of either taking/dropping an item from/in a particular room, or visiting a particular room. When you 
complete a goal, you get points. You need to complete all goals then visit a particular room in order to escape. The
goal you need to meet for points is 500. Once you have 500 points, you will be directed to a particular particular
room to complete your escape.

4: Text file format

Text files are used to create the rooms and items, as well as guidelines for scoring. Due to this, they need to be
set up in a particular way. It is important to note that, whenever using room names, they must match exactly, including
capitalization.

ROOMS
One room object will read in three different pieces of information: name, neighbors, and description. In the text file,
the information should be organized as follows...
					name
					north(room name), south(room name), east(room name), west(room name)
					description (can extend for multiple lines)
					END
You must add END, in all caps, at the end of one rooms description, in order for the program to make the distinction 
that it is going to make a new room. For the neighbors, put the names of the rooms to the north, south, east, and west
(must be done in order shown in example). If there are no neighbors to one direction, use -. You must also include END
for the last rooms text description.

ITEMS
Items are handled in a similar fashion to rooms. They include information regarding name, starting location, and a short
description. The information should be set up as follows
					name
					starting location (room name)
					description (can extend for multiple lines)
					END
Similar to rooms, END must be included at the end, so the program can make the distinction between two objects. You must
also include END after the last items text description.

SCORING
Scoring information includes the type of action (take, drop, visit), the object involved (if there is one), the room it
must take place in, and the points awarded. The information should be set up as follows
					action, item, room, points
If the action does not involve an item, put a - where an item name would otherwise go. No single segment of information 
for one Score object should extend beyond one line.


Thank you for reading me! Now go enjoy the game, and email me at charles.minges@hws.edu if you have any more questions.